Finally, I will do a strategic
analysis of Samplia’s business
model and what the benefits
this innovation
has generated.
Point number one.
Robert was from Publifilms, which
is an agency business, a linear
business in which it was very difficult
to grow, very little scalable because
it depends on resources that
are mainly people.
Well, as you move from a linear
business to a platform at the
moment and connect users with
brands through, as we have seen,
two channels, which are machines
and the application.
Point number one.
It has created a platform with
the benefits in the business model
that you already know has
a platform, mainly, that generates
entry barriers, network
effect, etc.
Okay, but let’s go to the details.
The reality is that Robert combines
two business models and are two
very profitable business models
that also have synergies between them.
One of.
Machines generate a profitability
because brands do it to hire
quincennal campaigns
on those machines.
Not only do they generate
a profit, but these machines
are also allowing you to
capture thousands of new users
for your app every day, because
all the people you’ve seen
running the machine’s
queue to access their sample,
their free product, have
to download the app.
and additionally.
Machines generate entry barriers
for your business, because you have
in mind that he already has the
best points of sale, in particular
the best shopping centers
in Spain and every time he grows,
placing new machines in new
points, be it shopping centers
or whatever, he is generating
entry barriers because
they are long-term agreements.
They are protecting your business.
Now let’s go to the business
model he talked about that
had digitized users, which
is related to the app.
At the time you already have
users in the app, which already has
half a million, you can make money
and do so by connecting brands with
users, but through the application,
no longer through the machine,
because brands are willing to
pay campaigns, to offer virtual
samples, push notifications,
there are different ways to
do so, but the issue is that
it expands, earns money with
those 500 thousand users
that you have, which grow
every day.
It is one of the most
downloaded apps in Spain
every day.
And I’m going to go to the last point and
it’s something that’s not very obvious, but
that’s the magic of sampling.
I explain to you.
All companies, let’s think
of all the apps that they
do is monetize their user
base, whatever the way it
is.
They have usually had to
invest in marketing to capture
those users.
Each user has a cost of acquisition.
The point is that first you have to invest
and then you make a profit for
those users.
That is normal.
But the case of sampling, as the
magic of sampling said, is that sampling
has not had to invest a single
euro to capture those 500,
000 users.
All the opposite.
The machines have helped him
get all that critical mass, all
that customer base, but it’s that
he’s also made money with it.
Brands, when they hire a campaign
on the machines, are subsidizing
Samplia to capture
new users for their application.
This means that you are making money
and capturing new users.
I have not seen this
in any other company.
And I think that’s one of the
keys that Samplia doesn’t stop
growing and that Samplia will
become a huge and very valuable
company in very short time.